Wow. Sounds like a rough night.
I mean. we've had bad fights.
It's been a while.
Definitely before June was born.
But I don't know. I just...
I don't understand why she was so angry.
No. and like I said.
that was totally out of line.
Honestly?
I can't even enjoy anything vanilla
since her comment.
I'm sorry.
I've just been really stressed
about the deal.
But it won't happen again.
I've found ways to manage my stress.
What have you found works for you?
Well. you know. I just close my eyes
and clear my head.
and focus on my breathing.
Stupid yuppy-ass house.
My mind wanders
to some silly places sometimes
- but it's okay.
- Fuck!
The human brain. wow. right?
That's great. Amy.
I've been telling her
to meditate for years.
I've sent her so many links.
And thank you for the links. George.
George. have you noticed a change?
I mean. we've been doing better
since the fight.
But all those things she said
can't be coming out of nowhere. right?
I mean. got to dig a little deeper.
Right?
Now. Amy. when he says that
and you hear him saying that.
what does that make you want to say?
Cards on the table?
I wanna say he's right.
You know. my dad held a lot in.
Chinese guy from the Midwest.
I mean. communication wasn't his forte.
He'd just bottle up everything inside
until it just exploded out at once.
Fuck!
Fucking God!
My mom. she wasn't any better.
Fuck!
She thought that talking
about your feelings
was the same thing as complaining.
She told me the first time
she heard birds singing
was when she came to America.
because during the Vietnam War.
they ate all the birds.
Can you imagine
what that does to a person? No birds.
It's hard to admit. but...
I think growing up with my parents
taught me to repress all my feelings.
- Breakthrough moment. babe.
- No.
Amy. that's very...
self-aware.
Thank you.
You know. when we're stressed.
we revert to the pathways
we created as children.
No. Yeah. I mean.
it all comes down to parents
and I'm excited to dig into that.
But acknowledging this
is just the first step.
In order to create new neural pathways.
we have to uncover
what lies underneath our awareness.
Right.
I think maybe subconsciously
that's why I leave most of
Junie's caretaking in George's hands.
Maybe part of me is afraid
that I'll create in Junie the same. uh...
What was it you called it?
...neural pathways
that my parents did in me.
But I don't wanna live like that anymore.
I don't wanna live in fear.
- Oh. fuck.
- I've been holding a lot in.
- but I'm not anymore.
- Shit.
I know it's gonna take a lot of work.
but I really think this is the start
of a new chapter for our family.
What am I doing?
- I'm really glad we did this.
- Yeah.
Me too.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Paul.
Hey.
Yo.
Yo. Paul. I need to talk to you. dude.
Turn that down.
Paul. turn that down.
Paul. turn that shit off. dude.
I almost lit a baby on fire!
Sounds like you and Isaac are killing it.
Yo. why is this place so clean?
Where you going?
What's with all the new clothes and shit?
Me and Kayla been talking.
If you see something you like.
you go get it.
Right. bro?
She wasn't a bot.
The fuck is happening right now?
Fuck!
Look at this stupid shit.
So happy.
Mom. smile bigger.
Oh. Gosh. she's so strict.
You should've seen her
at the baby cow farm.
Mom. stop moving.
Mom.
- Is everything okay?
- Everything's fine.
Yeah. let's have a group hug
and take a family selfie.
Good call. babe.
Lighting's great right now.
I know.
Ready? Okay. say "cheese!"
- Cheese!
Can I see?
Yeah.
- Babe. are my cheeks getting bigger?
- No. honey. They're the same.
- Can I see it again?
- Look at this.
Junie. oh. my gosh!
I love what you painted. honey.
This is so good.
Junie. this is beautiful.
It's not done yet.
Mommy has to head to a meeting
but when I come home
we'll finish this then.
And. you know. pretty soon
I'll get to spend every day with you
all the time.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Yeah?
I'll be back soon.
Hey. Good luck with Jordan today.
I hope she's over the chair.
Tell her we can sell her
some other pieces if that helps.
Thanks. babe. That means a lot.
I talked to Naomi and she thinks
I just have to go over there
- and kiss the ring a little bit.
- Ah.
Yeah. Do not forget
to set the alarm. okay?
Amy. we don't have to live in fear
of that handyman.
If I see him around.
I'm gonna rough him up.
- Okay.
- You think I'm joking.
God. we thank you for this Sunday.
We thank you for inviting us here today
to gather in your presence.
We thank you for who you are
and what you've done.
Thank you for the cross.
We thank you for Jesus.
Lord Father God. we come to you...
Hi. Pastor Kim.
Great to have you. Welcome.
...that you can take us
in our brokenness and our need.
and that you meet us here today. Lord.
We ask for your spirit
to come and fill this place
that we might worship you joyfully
with all of our hearts.
♪ Are you hurting and broken within? ♪
♪ Overwhelmed by the weight of your sin? ♪
♪ Jesus is calling ♪
♪ Have you come to the end of yourself? ♪
♪ Do you thirst
For a drink from the well? ♪
♪ Jesus is calling ♪
Come on. church.
♪ Oh. come to the altar ♪
♪ The father's arms are open wide ♪
♪ Forgiveness was bought with ♪
♪ The precious blood of Jesus Christ ♪
♪ Oh. what a savior ♪
♪ Isn't he wonderful? ♪
♪ Sing hallelujah ♪
♪ Christ is risen ♪
♪ Bow down before him ♪
♪ For he is Lord of all ♪
♪ Sing hallelujah ♪
♪ Christ is risen ♪
♪ Oh. what a savior ♪
♪ Isn't he wonderful? ♪
♪ Sing hallelujah ♪
♪ Christ is risen ♪
♪ Bow down before him ♪
♪ For he is Lord of all... ♪
Jesus. heavenly God.
please be with my brother.
our new family member.
We ask you to shower him
with your unconditional love.
Thank you.
You gotta understand.
George is just very attached
to the Tamago.
- He had it all through his childhood...
- Yeah.
"Tomah-go." "Tomay-go."
Let's talk about your business. Amy.
- Yeah. the business.
- Mm-hm.
You know. it's so crazy.
I read this article
about how millennials
can't afford to have kids.
so they're satisfying
their need to nurture with plants...
Have you ever been to China?
Uh...
Yeah. Once when I was 6.
Only once.
Next time you're there.
you have to check out
the beaches of Sanya.
- Oh. Sanyaaas.
- Yeah!
Yes.
See. that's what I'm talking about.
That's how they do business over there.
Spending time together. laughing.
Here in the West.
it's deal points. numbers.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
I definitely prefer
how they do business...
- over there. Yup.
- Mm.
Five-minute reminder.
Pardon me.
I have to go check out some panic rooms.
Smart. I mean.
there's a lot to panic about these days.
Right? Did Naomi show you
that road rage video?
The world's gone completely insane.
She did. It's really terrible.
Why don't you stick around for a while?
We'll continue this when I get back. yeah?
Let me check my schedule first.
You know. Amy. the thing is.
even if the deal looks great on paper.
we still need to
get to know each other as humans.
Make sure we both
feel good about this. right?
Right.
Good.
I'll be back soon. Make yourself at home.
Hey.
- I'm so glad you made it out.
- Good to see you again. Daniel.
Man. you were great up there.
That F sharp you hit was crazy.
Oh. Thank you.
How are you feeling? You doing okay?
Yeah. I think I just...
Think I just needed
a good cry or something.
I'm sorry. I didn't know
what that was about.
You don't have to apologize.
Yeah. I actually break down
all the time up there.
You can let it out.
I appreciate that.
Will we be seeing you regularly?
Um. I live kind of far so...
I think I just needed it this one time.
Well. Edwin always says.
"A church alive is worth the drive."
Right.
I do say that.
At least fill out a welcome form.
- Yeah. okay.
- Okay. good. Uh...
Form.
Right. okay.
I can do a form.
All right.
You need to get a pen too.
You guys got Friday night basketball?
- We do.
- Thank you.
It gets pretty competitive. though.
- Be forewarned.
- Okay.
You guys got D1 players playing with you?
No. no. but we're good. so...
Mm.
She's using the deal as leverage.
I don't wanna hang out.
Just give me the money. lady!
Look. we can do date night anytime
and we can do our intimacy exercise later.
Remember what Dr. Lin said.
We owe it to ourselves to stay positive.
Say it with me.
- We owe it to ourselves to stay positive.
Amy?
Hello. you still there?
This bitch is wild.
George. she has this room
full of. like. actual crowns.
She's fucking crazy.
Babe. don't be mean.
I'm actually jealous. What a home.
Treat it like a staycation.
Yeah. No. you're right.
I shouldn't complain.
See? There you go.
Take it all in.
I took a photo at the dinner.
It was the cutest plant I've ever met.
Hold on. Let me send.
Yeah?
Oh. shit.
Amy. I can explain.
I was just saving the captions...
Wow.
Thank you. Daniel.
We've been meaning
to get someone to fix this.
It's nothing. It was the least I could do.
So. what brought you
down to Orange County?
Are things slow this time of year?
- Slow?
- Yeah.
Uh. no. things are fast.
It's fast times. Boom market.
We could have you do
some repairs around here.
We'd pay. of course.
We'd love to support
a Korean-owned small business.
Don't even worry about it.
You know. I love to support nonprofits.
I do a lot of charity work.
Thank you. brother.
So glad you joined our congregation.
Me too.
Is it still...
a little crooked?
Hello?
Um. hi.
Hi.
Hello.
So who made your day so shitty
and where do I have to go to beat them up?
Um. it's just my boss.
I hate having to put her feelings
before mine all the time.
Old people are stupid like that.
taking it out on us
because they regret their life decisions.
Totally.
What else do you hate?
Uh. gosh. you know. it's a...
No one's ever asked me that before.
Um...
Well. to be honest. uh...
I hate pretending
that I don't hate things.
Like what?
Mm.
Like work.
I... I hate work.
I wish I could just.
like. do nothing all day.
Not have to worry about money.
Yo. you're way too hot
to be worrying about money.
Yeah. you know. I do some modeling.
but it's not my passion.
You even sound hot.
All right. What about you. Paul?
What do you hate?
If I'm being real with you...
kind of hate my brother right now.
- Right. your brother.
- I don't really wanna talk about it.
Well. you know. for what it's worth.
you sound way cooler than him.
You know. this might sound sort of. um...
Actually. I don't care how it sounds.
I know we've been only
DMing for a couple days.
but I feel like I've been
DMing you my whole life.
I really like you.
Kayla?
- You there? Kayla?
- What the fuck am I doing?
Oh. my God.
- You scared me.
- My apologies.
Jordan got called into a work emergency
and has to reschedule.
but feel free to stay
as long as you please.
He says. like.
things must be slow this time of year.
Like. what? Like. don't come at me
because I'm your girl's first.
What you gonna do about it?
I don't know. What can I do?
He leads Praise Team. He's untouchable.
"He leads Praise Team. He's untouchable."
Dude. touch him
wherever the fuck you want.
So you ain't gonna do shit.
like with the road rage bitch?
She's got private security money. okay?
- Like...
- Fuck that.
You know what? I don't care.
'Cause today. man...
I really felt something today.
Oh. yeah?
It's like I actually felt God's presence.
Well. Jesus did all those nice things.
look what they did to him.
Dude. you gotta relax. man.
Just let this chair do its thing.
This is how they make Kobe beef.
Yeah. shake that shit.
- I know what will cheer you up.
- What?
Dude. check this out.
Look at that.
- You made shirts?
- Fuck. yeah. I made shirts.
Chosen Ones. bitch.
I got one for you too. Try it on.
What size is this?
It's Size P for "perfect."
Put that shit on. dude.
And I filed those incorporation papers
under my name.
Took that shit off your plate.
Ugh. What's the point of all this. anyway?
Man. I always do the right thing.
and look where it's gotten me.
You know there's contractors out there
that are scammers?
- Mm-hmm.
- And I'm sitting here.
fixing church stuff for free.
See. that's your problem. man.
You're too nice.
I live by four words only.
"Pro bono? No bono."
- Yo. Isaac.
- Yo. what up. Kane?
- Thanks for the OB. man.
- No worries. bro.
- Sick chairs. right?
- Dude. I fucking love this shit.
Uncle hooked it up.
- Tell him I say what's up.
- For sure.
- I got them wholesale.
- What?
- Got seven more in the back.
- Oh.
You know what?
I'm going to take two. all right?
- All right.
- One for me and sexy boy over there.
- Two tans. I wanna match. Yeah.
- Two matching? You got it.
Yo. seriously. man?
Chosen Ones. motherfucker.
How much longer do we have?
Oh. 22 minutes.
Dr. Lin wants us to do the full 30.
Junie kept working
on her painting all night.
Well. she gets
all her talent from you. so...
What's wrong. Amy?
Hey.
Hey. it's okay. You can talk to me.
Is this about the Mia photo?
Babe. I swear there was nothing to it.
No. George. Um...
There's this. um...
feeling...
I've had for a long time.
Um...
I don't remember... when it started.
I can't pinpoint exactly when or why...
but it feels like the ground...
But like. um...
Like... But like right here.
Um...
It never goes away.
When I was in college.
I tried to get help. I did.
I saw the psychiatrist.
and he put me on antidepressants.
but all it did was mute it.
Like. it took the sound off. but it
kept on playing. you know. and. uh...
- I'm sorry. I'm just babbling.
- No. no. no.
I want you to talk to me about this.
Yeah. and. George. I do.
You know. I want to. but. uh...
Look. I love that
we're so... complementary.
But sometimes. it feels like
if I tell you things. you're just...
You're not gonna understand.
Of course. I do.
I know a lot of people
who battled depression and won.
No. it's not...
- Never mind.
- No. really. I understand.
And I get down too.
Like. I never pictured myself
being a stay-at-home dad. you know.
I never thought my art
would be secondary to anything.
But I embrace the sadness.
I mean. since we're both being vulnerable.
I admit. sometimes I think about
what my life would have been like
had you and I never met.
Wow. I never knew you felt that way.
Yeah. I guess I'm just sharing.
because I want you to know
you're not alone.
You can share anything.
Yeah. I know.
Thank you. Thank you for sharing. George.
You're welcome.
Yeah. No. I know it's a lot of money.
but I plan on doing
the renovations myself to the property.
so it's a sound investment.
It's not for me. It's for my parents.
I'm moving them back from Korea.
Well. keep in mind. Mr. Cho.
you don't have the best credit.
Right. yeah.
Um. when I was 18.
I went to BR for cargo pants.
and next thing I knew.
I was signed up for a credit card.
- BR?
- Banana Repub...
How long would it take for me
to be approved for a mortgage?
Don't I need. like. 20%?
The down payment would be 100.000.
but you'd also need to demonstrate
a consistent income
and a healthy checking balance.
Now. on the track you're on.
we could maybe consider you in.
I don't know. seven years.
Look. I don't think you understand.
My parents are getting old. okay?
And this land is not gonna be
available much longer.
I don't understand why everyone else
gets approved for a loan but me.
Mr. Cho. I think you'll find this answer
consistent at whatever bank you may visit.
Look. if you can come up
with a down payment.
then maybe this is
a conversation that we can have.
Okay. No. I understand. Um...
Thank you. Yeah. thank you for your time.
Yeah. no problem.
Actually. while I have you.
my church was looking to do some repairs.
- Would they be able to get a loan?
- We can look into it.
Uh-huh.
I think it's your best one yet.
- Should we put this up on the wall?
- It's not done yet.
No. it's perfect. Junie.
- Come on. let's put it up.
- Okay.
- Babe?
- Yep?
I think Jordan's here.
Amy. I figured it would be best
to discuss the term sheet in person.
Hey. I'm sorry about last night.
- Did you miss me?
- Yeah. I really did.
Hey. Jordan. am I reading this right?
You want me to stay on?
A hold back period of five years
and withholding equity?
I brought some honey on the side.
Perfect.
Thank you. Joji.
- Thanks. George.
- Mm-hm.
Jordan. this isn't
what we discussed. Okay?
- I had no intention of staying on.
- I know. I know. I know.
But. honey. you are the face of the brand.
The board feels
that's an important deal point.
Well. I was planning on
spending time with my family.
Sweetie. I know.
But it's not up to me. It's the board.
You know what?
Tomorrow is our annual Vegas conference.
Come. talk to some of them.
Take my jet. bring your family.
I mean...
Amy. listen to me.
I know this is not what you want.
You want more.
So just trust me.
You're gonna thank me later.
So many toys.
This is why we have wives.
How much will the materials cost?
Um. you know. if I was guessing.
100K. 120K. give or take.
I mean. it's a lot.
but we have been talking about
taking out a loan for renovations.
It's the only way we can keep up
with megachurches.
Right. I mean.
it is an investment for sure.
And what's the cost of your labor?
I'd be doing this pro bono for the church.
- You're an angel. Thank you.
- Yeah. of course.
Um. it was Edwin's idea. so...
- I'll talk to the elders.
- Yes.
- Appreciate it. Danny.
- Of course.
That face.
No. you were perfect. You were perfect.
I really felt like the spirit was moving
through all of us today. for sure.
So I was thinking for next week. um.
we'd start with "This I Believe."
and then maybe end with "Oceans." guys.
Remember. we have practice at 7 p.m..
the same rehearsal space...
Danny.
You still play?
A little bit.
Yeah. she showed up
at my house. unannounced.
There's no way I can even
consider the offer. right?
No. no. Of course not.
But it is a really nice offer. though.
Then. yeah.
A nice offer should be considered.
if that's. you know.
what you're considering.
- That's the thing about...
- Uh. Mia. will you go stock the back?
- Oh. Sure.
- Thanks.
Uh. hi. Can I help you?
Hey. I love the store.
- Thank you. Anything I can help you with?
- Yes. actually.
Does a Kayla Lexington work here?
No.
No. I've never heard of her.
Oh. It's funny 'cause I... I was. um...
I just. uh...
- Sorry for wasting your time.
- It's all right. Have a nice day.
Hey. could you recommend a succulent
that. like. don't need
no light. little water...?
Here. take this. on the house.
- Seriously? I don't know what to say.
- Yeah.
You don't have to say anything.
Just have a great day.
Amy. you wanna take a look
at these new sansevieria.
- Kayla. It's me.
- What?
- Sir. you have to leave.
- Is this your asshole boss?
Paul. come here.
Okay.
Her name is not Kayla. It's Mia.
And I just screen-grabbed her photos
and sent them to you.
Okay. So you were catfishing me?
No. It...
I don't know. Okay? I...
I'm a mess.
Okay?
I guess I didn't want you
to know who I really am.
I did really like talking to you. though.
I did. you know. You...
You're gonna make
someone very happy one day.
I know this isn't what you expected.
I know I'm no fucking Kayla.
with her perky tits and her taut ass.
She's probably sopping wet...
♪ Sometimes. I feel the fear ♪
♪ Of uncertainty stinging clear ♪
♪ And I still have to ask myself ♪
♪ How much I let the fear
Take the wheel and steer ♪
I think you're hotter than Kayla.
♪ It's driven me before ♪
♪ And it seems to have a vague ♪
♪ Haunting mass appeal ♪
♪ But lately
I'm beginning to find that I ♪
♪ Should be the one behind the wheel ♪
♪ Whatever tomorrow brings
I'll be there ♪
♪ With open arms and open eyes. yeah ♪
♪ Whatever tomorrow brings
I'll be there ♪
♪ I'll be there ♪
♪ So. if I ♪
♪ Decide to waiver my ♪
♪ Chance to be one of
The hive ♪
♪ Will I choose water over wine ♪
♪ And hold my own and drive? ♪
♪ Aah. ah. ooh ♪
♪ It's driven me before
And it seems to be the way ♪
♪ That everyone else gets around ♪
♪ But lately I'm
Beginning to find that when ♪
♪ I drive myself my light is found ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today